So our strategy to find lines in image space
will be to look for intersecting lines in Hough space.
We do this by dividing up our Hough space into a grid,
and define intersecting lines as all lines passing through a given grid cell.
To do this, I'll first run
the Canny edge detection algorithm to find all points associated with edges in my image.
I can then consider every point in this edge-detected image as a line in Hough space.
And where many lines in Hough space intersect,
I declare I have found a collection of points that describe a line in image space.
We have a problem though,
vertical lines have infinite slope in m-b representation,
so we need a new parameterization.
Let's redefine our line in polar coordinates.
Now the variable, ρ,
describes the perpendicular distance of the line from the origin,
and θ is the angle of the line away from horizontal.
Now each point in image space corresponds to a sine curve in Hough space.
If we take a whole line of points,
it translates into a whole bunch of sine curves in Hough space.
And again, the intersection of those sine curves
in θ-ρ space gives the parameterization of the line.